Of course I want to help you.
Why else would I deliver a letter?
Brother, you have to believe me
Well, I believe half of it for the time being.
Can't we be joking at this time?
It turns out that the Black Dragon Society will listen to us
Do you know that as soon as Tang Guohua comes out?
Just these kids are out of luck
You are also a little brother without experience
Why don't you hang out with Tang Guohua?
How clever I am!
The symbol of our dragon city
Longcheng jade pendant is in the hands of my brother Xiao
Then Tang Guohua's words are empty
The real strength is still my brother Xiu
Dragon City happiness is in your hands
It's someone else's, give it back quickly
In case the Dragon God pursues it
You didn't tell him
Little brother, you know a lot
Let's chat when we have time.
Sister-in-law, I don't
Can't bear it, I
Hey
This oops
Honey, when did you become so powerful?